With the development of modern industry, the urban population has increased dramatically, the environment has deteriorated, and the ecology has been seriously threatened. Urban greening can improve the quality of life by purifying the air, reducing noise, and beautifying the environment. What is more, as one of the most crucial cities in the United States, New York's greening reflects not only the overall greening level of American cities, but also a good example for other cities. Therefore, our project is mainly to study the greening levels in New York, and trees’ levels is an important indicator of urban greening among many greening indictors. After discussion, our research project has narrowed down to the study of trees’ levels in NYC, in order to reflect the greening levels in New York.
Our data comes from the New York Open Data, including 2015 trees information in NYC. Based on the data, our project mainly wants to explore the situations of the tree's own characteristics (including the alive rate for trees, the distribution of the tree species, the diameter of the trees) and also the external conditions related to these characteristics (whether those tree characters depend on boroughs in NYC etc.)
In our analysis, we first analyzed the reliability of the data set, including missing values, whether data is biased, then cleaning up data based on previous analysis. After completing the data cleaning, we analyzed the distribution of trees status (alive, dead, stump), the health conditions (good, fair, poor) of survived trees, as well as diameters of the trees. In the following analysis, we analyzed whether these characters are related to variables such as boroughs and tree guard situations etc. Finally, we discuss the limitations and future work.
Each team member evolved in all parts and contributes equally to this project. All members participated in main analysis part. Jie Zheng and Yawen Han took charge of interactive component, Ruizhi Zhang mainly focused on Data Analysis Quality part, Junnan Wang was charge of Data Description part. In the end, we finished report together, including introduction and conclusion.
